Finally I hate it, I want to quickly reply to the poem,
The general is composed of songs, poems, and poems.
You live here too, let alone practice.
Two books once, even if I live here,
This house is so big that we don’t even live together.
What are you worried about?
This one was made by a woman. That's right.
Eat first. Now I'm talking and practicing after dinner,
If you want to see him, go there immediately.
He will come later. I just ate this scrambled egg.
Today, I flew to him and made him angry to death.
Come, have your meal. Try the scrambled eggs I made,
Eat a bowl of black tiger tiger stuff.
Because I had the nerve to commit the crime and eat it
Don’t be ashamed of what you have committed
Are you eating together here?
Just continue to deal with the offender
you have broken up
Don't lose it anymore
I didn't agree to break up
If you commit a crime, you will come back, right?
Take a look at the door
I'm already very disappointed in you
While you are thinking about committing
On the one hand, it’s good for Ling’s family
How difficult is it for you?
It's right that he doesn't want you
I don't want it either
You don’t have to pick at will
Our relationship is so busy
I'm really out of breath right now
Wait until I finish all the things at hand
Listen to things
Tell you you are very busy
If you are a man, please speak clearly.
Even my mother-in-law and mother-in-law can't stand it.
I'll give you something to eat later.
The child is not dead
People like me
Just want to know where the child is
Not one day recently
What did you say
Our child is still alive
not dead yet
know these things
Emotions are over
What do they say about living in front of that family?
That's why I hid these things
It’s not like you want to stimulate me today
I won't tell either
this one thing
Everyone in Mingyue can see that it lasts a long time
You are the only one guilty of having a second household registration
I am also really from this family